Mind: Brain Food

Exercise your mind today using the following resources!

Listen Up! Spartan Podcast

    032: Amit Kumar – How Money Can Buy Happiness
    031: Jimmy Binns – Never Too Old For a Challenge
    030: Winter Vinecki – What She Accomplished By Age 15

Reading List

    Tips to Help You Feel Better & Live Better: Part 1
    Tips to Help You Feel Better & Live Better: Part 2
    Tips to Help You Feel Better & Live Better: Part 3
    Changing Minds & Changing Lives
    David Stead: Making a Game of His Fight

Check out our Spartan Exercise Database.

Make a Champion Block

Make a champion block to use in future workouts!

Yoga

If you can’t bend you will break. Nothing will loosen you up like a yoga session, whether hot or ‘regular.’ Just drop by any local studio and get information. There are usually beginner classes and drop in rates. Yoga is a great means towards bettering the connection between your mind and body.

Chores

Be efficient. Get your exercise and your to-do list done at the same time. Kill two birds with one stone by running your errands on foot or bike. Want a recipe for guilt-free pizza? Run to the pizzeria. Low fat grocery shopping? Walk to the supermarket and carry your groceries home.

Rest up, but stay active, all while creating more time for a week of Spartan WODs still to come.

Dog Walking

How long does it take to walk your dog? Fifteen, twenty, maybe even thirty minutes? That’s more than enough time to squeeze a small work out in. Walk your dog more than once a day? Even better!

Hiking

Maybe give it a light jog – barely a run. Your job on a active recovery day is to activate you body, but not wear it out.

Swimming

Swimming is a great way to relax and change up your training routine. Switch things up and seek out a pool at a nearby fitness facility.

Cycling

Give the high impact a break for a day, while still getting your heart rate up. No need to hammer out hard racing miles – in fact, try not to go out with any competitive cyclist friends. Have an easy ride to the market to pick up some groceries.

Maybe give it a light jog – barely a run. Your job on a active recovery day is to activate you body, but not wear it out.

