Mind: Health Is Vital

“Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health.” – James Thomson

Listen Up! Spartan Podcast

    Monty Halls: BBC Host and Adventurer

Learn how to perform all of our exercises using the Spartan Race Exercise Database including:

    How To: Pushup to Side Plank
    How To: Wide Pushups
    How To: Isometric Wipers
    How To: Drop Pushups
    How To: Body Up
    How To: Star Jumps
    How To: Double Leg Butt Kick
    How To: Glute Kickback
    How To: Muscle Ups
    How To: Back Extensions

Make a Champion Block For Use in Future Workouts!

Rest up, but stay active

Yoga

If you can’t bend you will break. Nothing will loosen you up like a yoga session, whether hot or ‘regular.’ Just drop by any local studio and get information. There are usually beginner classes and drop in rates. Yoga is a great means towards bettering the connection between your mind and body.

Chores

Be efficient. Get your exercise and your to-do list done at the same time. Kill two birds with one stone by running your errands on foot or bike. Want a recipe for guilt-free pizza? Run to the pizzeria. Low fat grocery shopping? Walk to the supermarket and carry your groceries home.

Rest up, but stay active, all while creating more time for a week of Spartan WODs still to come.

Dog Walking

How long does it take to walk your dog? Fifteen, twenty, maybe even thirty minutes? That’s more than enough time to squeeze a small work out in. Walk your dog more than once a day? Even better!

Hiking

Maybe give it a light jog – barely a run. Your job on a active recovery day is to activate you body, but not wear it out.

Swimming

Swimming is a great way to relax and change up your training routine. Switch things up and seek out a pool at a nearby fitness facility.

Cycling

Give the high impact a break for a day, while still getting your heart rate up. No need to hammer out hard racing miles – in fact, try not to go out with any competitive cyclist friends. Have an easy ride to the market to pick up some groceries.

Maybe give it a light jog – barely a run. Your job on an active recovery day is to activate you body, but not wear it out.

